what is going on everyone jangles here
and today I have for you the NHL 13
boost unlocks for both the skater as
well as the goalies I saw that a few
people were kind of interested about how
to how you're going to unlock some of
them if they're any different from what
I can tell they all seem pretty much the
same as the previous years you're gonna
have a lot of offline nonsense that I
feel is very buggy for the most part so
I mean if you're a big offline person
you want to unlock blue slots I feel
like you're going to have a pain in an
asset like acquiring some of them
especially with some of the issues that
i know my buddy wit found when dealing
with going up and down lines to start a
new season kind of thing otherwise it
wouldn't track I've mentioned this in a
video prior not prior but a while ago
and I feel like it's gonna be even more
of a grind offline than maybe online
especially since you got to kind of deal
with being thrown in and off of the line
changes as opposed to unlocking them
online now with that being said if you
just play offline then there you go like
that you can't go online and get offline
boo slots it doesn't work like that the
offline would just be 4i guess offline I
think that's how it works not too sure
you guys cannot correct me on that if
I'm wrong but so far from what I've seen
with the online stuff most of this seems
to be acquirable as long as you have a
decent club and do fairly well like a
lot of the ones I see people may be
having some issue would issues with
their like the stringy ones we have to
have like so many points in like 60
games you know you could have a real bad
set of games i guess and and if you're
not too good then that could be a issue
maybe for the most part though I feel
that it's for the pretty much the same
as last year I I can see a lot of people
may be purchasing their boots lots a
I particularly won't be doing it just
because I find that I welcome either way
I play so much NHL and I'm pretty good
at it so I really don't have an issue
with unlocking plus fives to really you
know make my character complete also for
anyone who does not know that the player
types in this game have caps I mentioned
this in a few other videos so a
playmaker can only have a 85 defensive
avoidance okay but with that being said
even though they had the player caps
somewhat low when you first start they
also incorporate the plus 9 or the pup
plus 9 boost lots I test it out it does
account for any boost slot you add on
after it so it definitely will come down
to getting your boost lots again making
sure you find the right areas you need
to put it into it maybe doing some some
math and crunching some numbers to kind
of get idea you know what exactly you
want to do it your character now there's
more two ways to do is that lots of
people do different player builds when I
personally get enough XP to kind of
really play around with mine I'll
definitely do a player build video from
what I can tell though you're definitely
going to have to figure out your
strategy of what you want to play as you
know if you want be more
offensive-minded defensive minded or do
you want to be a well-balanced player
this it definitely seems like maybe the
two way forward build isn't going to be
as powerful as it used to be it's kind
of all up in the air right now since
everyone kind of still has the lower
cards as opposed to the legend cards I
mean with that being said though I think
once you kind of get the XP to play
around with you can do different
strategies and maybe focus more
offensively especially if you have a
team that you know have two good demon
and a goalie and you can focus on doing
just your position but if you know
you're playing a little bit lower before
before is or three be 3s or even you
know even though our to be tues you may
have to balance it out a little bit more
because you're gonna have to play kind
of both ways to really
compensate for the AI getting beat I've
seen AI get be quite a few times already
just by like skating up like like he's
gonna hop into play and it's just a
really bad decision two dudes already
like full hustle sprint down the freakin
you know ice so now we're on the goalie
a boost unlocks like SAP I played pretty
much like one game ago idea I got
completely destroyed yeah I think I'll
and like six goals was it too happy
about it there's a I think the very
first goal that went in on me was a just
a soft Rashad and I got beat glove side
I felt like I was in position it
definitely seems like you have to get
your points up as soon as possible I
recommend it if you want to do goalie at
all if you even entertain the thought of
playing as a goalie this year start
working on getting your boost up and
your boo slots unlocked and all your XP
and getting those games grind it out
because the longer you wait don't know
you're gonna have to deal with skaters
that are a lot better you know XP wise
so with that being said here the boost
slots I'm Django's I hope you enjoyed
the video as well as some some of my
commentary can't give me a little
insight of how you know my thoughts and
the boo slots and the way the player
bows are going to kind of go I hope you
enjoyed I'll catch you later thanks for
watching
you